Spend the rest of your life
Sprinkle it down hahahaha
Ha ha.
Ah!
Ah ah trail
I was wrong
I was wrong, I was wrong, Xu Fengxian
You killed my mother to marry Chen Zhensheng
You help me, Yugong
I know the depths of my sins cannot be relied upon
Fire
Spare your brother
He is 14 years old
He doesn't know anything.
And mothers like you
The biggest stain on his life
I know wrong
Don't worry, I will definitely give you an explanation.
He's your brother anyway
I just hope you can take good care of him
Grandpa and Mom
I hope you can rest in peace
Hey, did my wife miss me?
I miss you so much, it's done
Are you hurt?
Honey, my arm hurts so much I can't lift it.
I'm also preparing a dinner party for me to take over the Chen family
Do you want to help me?
What the hell is going on with those people under you?
Just take money and don't do anything